[Applause]
I'm just imagining what it would look
like if I wore that sweater
it would look amazing it looked like the
two nice look like I bought half a sack
of potatoes and bumps and lumps in the
area in all the wrong places
yeah how you doing I'm doing great man
it's good to see you it's very good to
see you too the last time you were here
was in December and at that time you
announced that you and your girlfriend
were having another baby yeah baby
number two so now were five months later
yeah where's the baby well it was well
came early actually oh wow
this past Sunday we're sleeping at about
two o'clock in the morning she wakes me
up and she's like hey we got to get up
I'm having the baby and it was like a
full-on Full Tilt boogie going a hundred
miles an hour grabbing the grabbing the
the backpacks that we had prepared
making the calls that I had to make
we're going to the hospital jumping in
the car making sure the nanny came over
to watch the other baby that we have
because just the dog is taken care of I
mean it was this whole thing we get in
the car and as soon as I'm backing up
she's like April
[Music]
[Applause]
that's an insane thing to do it's crazy
it's so insane literally that story I
just told you is complete you/your alert
then to that sort of thing that if that
were to happen you probably would not
have been tripped I'm ready to go you're
ready to go I'm ready flying like a hot
in a helicopter like one of your movies
and deliver the baby and then like fly
off how will it work fly off look at the
camera the baby's a girl you're on a
promotional tour right now are you going
to other countries well that's the thing
you know so the truth is we're we're
probably we're expecting probably within
the next two weeks and yeah so I am on
you know CodeRed high alert I have to go
we went to the baby doctors today
everything is good and looking great
good and and so now this Friday I have
to go to Shanghai and we start you can't
go to Shanghai I have got to go but we
have an understanding that's the things
you and Shanghai are you and your girl
way back as of now the plan is is that I
am going cuz as of now the doctor said
it looks like we're gonna be okay
the baby should be due when it is born
when it's due which is April 25th okay
so we'll see all right so yeah
thank you I mean we're taking a chance
here we're taking a shot Shanghai that I
have to go to London for rampage and
then I finally come back then what when
the baby graduates high school you'll be
there in the event that I can't
especially in Shanghai right because
it's not like I could get back right
away no I'm going to need a very good
friend of mine I'm gonna need a doula
who's gonna help me deliver and well
it's got to be you uh I would love to be
the doula yeah I'd be more than happy to
fill in for you I will wear one of your
outfits the whole thing rub real good I
know how to wash my hands really really
well yeah and then stay up here though
one thing that will not do is cut the
umbilical cord that I'm against would
you cut the umbilical cords right there
yeah not me
no I because it's it's patronizing
they're like to me it's like being the
mayor and you're cutting a ribbon then
they're gonna begin or you know it's
like you know why I let the program I
don't want to screw up my kids belly
button that's why I don't want to be the
one they have some weird meaty belly
button for they're like thanks again dad
for the great job I said you know what
that's left to the professionals got it
Wow okay so wow this is a big month it's
a big month it really is a big month
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it